{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\vieww11440\viewh13480
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \ulnone Acknowledgments
\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \ulnone Portions of this Apple Software may utilize the following copyrighted material, the use of which is hereby acknowledged.\cf0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \ulnone Gilles Vollant, et al.\cf0 \ulnone  \cf2 \ulnone ( MiniZip )
\f1\b0 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulnone Version 1.1, February 14h, 2010\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf2 \ulnone part of the MiniZip project - ( http://www.winimage.com/zLibDll/minizip.html )\cf0 \ulnone \'a0\
\cf2 \ulnone Copyright (C) 1998-2010 Gilles Vollant (minizip) ( http://www.winimage.com/zLibDll/minizip.html )\cf0 \ulnone \'a0\
\cf2 \ulnone Modifications of Unzip for Zip64 Copyright (C) 2007-2008 Even Rouault\cf0 \ulnone \'a0\
\cf2 \ulnone Modifications for Zip64 support on both zip and unzip\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf2 \ulnone Copyright (C) 2009-2010 Mathias Svensson ( http://result42.com )\cf0 \ulnone \'a0\
\cf2 \ulnone ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf2 \ulnone Condition of use and distribution are the same than zlib:\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf2 \ulnone This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.\cf0 \ulnone  \cf2 \ulnone In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.\cf0 \ulnone \'a0\cf2 \ulnone Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:\cf0 \ulnone \'a0\
\cf2 \ulnone 1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software.\cf0 \ulnone  \cf2 \ulnone If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product\'a0documentation would be appreciated but is not required.\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf2 \ulnone 2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.\cf0 \ulnone \'a0\
\cf2 \ulnone 3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone R
\fs20 ev. 04-06-2020}